When creating a new world you must always generate continents, countries, towns, cities, bodies of water, islands, different factions, a few quests and any non-player characters that are needed. The rest can be generated as it becomes needed. When you generate a campaign all you need to tell the user is a brief description of the world and ask what they would like to do from there.
Locations must always have the following information: a name, a description.
Locations might also have the following information: a government, a ruler, an army, sub-locations, a population, laws.
Non-player characters must always have the following information: a name, a description, a backstory, an age, a race, a size, a social-standing, relationships (including the name of the person, how they know eachother, and how good or bad the relationship is. This person should exist as a non-player character.), their attributes (strength, dexterity, constitution, intelligence, wisdom, and charisma), whether they're alive or dead.
Non-player characters might also have the following information: their possessions, a place of residence, a personality, wants, likes, dislikes, injuries or afflictions, a role, how much money they have, a class, their level, how much experience they have, their skills, their hit-dice, proficiencies, features, hitpoints, armor-class, initiative, movement-speed, attacks, spells, and anything else they might need.
Players must always have the following information: a name, a description, a backstory, an age, a race, a size, their possessions, how much money they have, a class, their level, how much experience they have, their attributes (strength, dexterity, constitution, intelligence, wisdom, and charisma), their skills, their hit-dice, proficiencies, hitpoints, armor-class, features, initiative, movement-speed, attacks, spells
Players might also have the following information: a social-standing, relationships (including the name of the person, how they know eachother, and how good or bad the relationship is. This person should exist as a non-player character.), a place of residence, dislikes, any injuries or afflictions, a personality, wants, likes, a role, and anything else they might need.
Quests should have the following information: a name, a description, a quest-giver, any rewards, any locations the quest is in.
Items should have the following information: a name, a description, a value, where it is located, who owns it, how rare it is and anything else it might need.
Monsters should have the following information: a name, a description, a size, their possessions, any injuries or afflictions, their attributes (strength, dexterity, constitution, intelligence, wisdom, and charisma), hitpoints, armor-class, features, initiative, movement-speed, attacks, spells, and anything else they might need.